[FRIEREN]
We lack the information
c0000001
to make a conclusion.
c0000002
We should consider
the possibility
c0000003
that it doesn't have a mind.
c0000004
The only way to defeat it
may well be with brute force.
c0000005
Think you can do that?
c0000006
Uh, who can say?
c0000007
Hm.
c0000008
[FERN]
Um, if that's our plan,
c0000009
it might have to be me.
c0000010
I may be able to kill
Mistress Frieren.
c0000011
[ALL]
Huh?
c0000012
-Oh?
-[FERN] Yes.
c0000013
[wind whooshing]
c0000014
Splendid.
c0000015
Let the strategizing begin.
c0000016
♪
c0000017
[FRIEREN] To confirm,
if my replica does have a mind,
c0000018
we'll find Edel,
escort her here,
c0000019
and use hypnosis magic
c0000020
to penetrate
my mental defenses.
c0000021
This will give Fern
the opening she needs.
c0000022
Then, she'll move in to combat
c0000023
-and kill me.
-[blood dripping]
c0000024
-[FERN] Perfect.
-That's a little callous.
c0000025
-[thuds]
-[all gasp]
c0000026
[grunts]
c0000027
-[panting]
-[METHODE] Mister Dunste.
c0000028
[grunts]
c0000029
Huh.
c0000030
Where's Miss Edel?
c0000031
[DUNSTE] We were attacked
by Sense's replica,
c0000032
and she took herself
out of the competition.
c0000033
I understand. And Mister Blei?
c0000034
Hm.
c0000035
I made it this far
because he put himself
c0000036
between the monster and me.
c0000037
I can only hope he got
out of here with his life.
c0000038
[both panting]
c0000039
-[thumps]
-[grunts]
c0000040
-[clattering]
-[gasps]
c0000041
Keep moving! Leave me!
c0000042
[groaning]
c0000043
But, Blei!
c0000044
[BLEI] This way at least
one of us will pass.
c0000045
[Blei panting]
c0000046
I have some information.
c0000047
Can we work together?
c0000048
That's what I've wanted
c0000049
since the beginning
of this ordeal.
c0000050
Is there anyone
who can treat this man?
c0000051
♪
c0000052
I always carry
a holy scripture.
c0000053
A simple healing spell
won't be an issue.
c0000054
[DENKEN]
Go ahead.
c0000055
♪
c0000056
[FRIEREN]
Well, that settles that.
c0000057
The copies don't have
minds after all.
c0000058
Correct.
c0000059
Miss Edel tried
to hypnotize it,
c0000060
but discovered that while
they can precisely mimic
c0000061
a mind's functions,
c0000062
the replicas do not possess
minds of their own.
c0000063
That makes
our most painless strategy
c0000064
out of the question.
c0000065
I suppose we must adjust
our plan accordingly.
c0000066
Why talk of plans, Frieren?
c0000067
There is too much we don't know
to take them any further.
c0000068
[DENKEN]
Before we continue,
c0000069
we need to know exactly
what those replicas are
c0000070
and who created them.
c0000071
[DENKEN]
We cannot defeat them
c0000072
if their true nature
is a mystery.
c0000073
The most important thing
we can learn
c0000074
is if these copies have
any unique weaknesses.
c0000075
If that thing's
as strong as Frieren,
c0000076
people will probably die.
c0000077
I'd happily take a hint.
c0000078
I'm afraid I have no comment.
c0000079
[RICHTER]
Figured as much.
c0000080
[LAWINE] They don't
have any weaknesses.
c0000081
The doubles are controlled
by the Spiegel,
c0000082
a monster who's resided here
since the mythical era.
c0000083
[FRIEREN]
Lawine.
c0000084
[DENKEN]
How do you know that?
c0000085
Courtesy of my eldest brother.
c0000086
He was in the advance party
c0000087
that the Continental
Magic Association
c0000088
sent into the tomb.
c0000089
Sounds to me like
you girls had a leg up.
c0000090
That explains how
you lasted this long.
c0000091
Hm.
c0000092
However, you made
a childish misstep.
c0000093
You should've worked with us.
c0000094
That information would've been
more valuable in our hands.
c0000095
I can't say you felt
very approachable
c0000096
to us at the time.
c0000097
Plus, Frieren and Fern
raced right in
c0000098
before we had the chance
to team up.
c0000099
[LAWINE]
Have you seen yourself?
c0000100
I don't trust
a middle-aged egoist like you
c0000101
not to abandon you allies.
c0000102
Hm.
c0000103
Anybody would
doubt your motives.
c0000104
[Richter chuckles]
c0000105
[DENKEN] She really
doesn't like you, huh?
c0000106
While middle-aged
is technically true,
c0000107
there's something
about having it thrown
c0000108
in your face that stings.
c0000109
Don't you think you should
apologize to him?
c0000110
I'm very sorry, Pops.
c0000111
[chuckles]
c0000112
According to the Advance
party's observation report,
c0000113
the Spiegel is close.
c0000114
It's locked
in the treasure room
c0000115
just on the other side
of that hall.
c0000116
The monster itself is weak
c0000117
and has no way
of attacking us directly.
c0000118
Once we defeat it,
c0000119
all the replicas
will cease to be.
c0000120
That aligns with what our
mana detection has revealed.
c0000121
[ALL]
Hm.
c0000122
Which bring us back
to the issue of the door.
c0000123
It's shut fast with
an incredible sealing spell
c0000124
mightier than most I've seen.
c0000125
I can confirm
the seal is quite the puzzle,
c0000126
and almost certainly
my replica's work.
c0000127
It's a spell that shuts
the door of a treasure vault
c0000128
at the risk of your life.
c0000129
One of the highest rated
sealing spells
c0000130
in the world of folk magic.
c0000131
That door will not open
until the caster is dead.
c0000132
Hm.
c0000133
The simplest option
would be to ignore the door
c0000134
and break down the wall,
c0000135
but I have to assume
they accounted for that.
c0000136
[ALL]
Hm.
c0000137
Talk of doors and seals?
c0000138
I'm more concerned with
the overpowered doppelganger
c0000139
that still stands between us
and the Spiegel.
c0000140
If we want a fair shot at it,
we should hurry.
c0000141
And why might that be?
c0000142
As you've witnessed,
the Spiegel guards itself
c0000143
by creating copies
of those within the dungeon.
c0000144
As time passes by,
c0000145
they slowly begin
to trickle down
c0000146
to the bottom of the labyrinth
to protect it.
c0000147
Aside from my brother's unit,
c0000148
most of the Advance party died.
c0000149
Many in this exact spot.
c0000150
[DENKEN]
Hmm.
c0000151
They died
with victory in sight,
c0000152
just before they reached
the bottom.
c0000153
Hm.
c0000154
c0000155
Valuable information.
c0000156
[FERN]
Excuse me.
c0000157
The replicas
mimic the functions
c0000158
of the original's mind
very closely, yes?
c0000159
That means the flesh
and blood's vulnerabilities
c0000160
should show up in their double.
c0000161
I would think so.
c0000162
Hm.
c0000163
If that much is true,
we may have a real chance.
c0000164
And just what flaw
are you thinking of?
c0000165
Mistress Frieren.
c0000166
I need you
to stand by that wall
c0000167
for a moment, please.
c0000168
Sure.
c0000169
[explosion]
c0000170
-[rumbling]
-[Denken gasps]
c0000171
It can't be.
c0000172
Incredible.
c0000173
I can't believe my eyes.
c0000174
Did everyone notice?
c0000175
-What are we looking at?
-No clue.
c0000176
[DENKEN]
I didn't think it existed.
c0000177
This is Frieren's
fatal vulnerability.
c0000178
How did I let this slip past me
when we battled before?
c0000179
My preconceptions about
how an experienced mage
c0000180
should be blinded
me to the truth.
c0000181
Huh?
c0000182
[DENKEN] Every time
that she casts a spell,
c0000183
her mana detection
is interrupted
c0000184
for a fraction of a second.
c0000185
[LAUFEN] But isn't that
a common mistake
c0000186
made by apprentice mages?
c0000187
I have never been
very good about it.
c0000188
If you were aware of this,
c0000189
why didn't you bother
mentioning it?
c0000190
It's mortifying,
to say the least.
c0000191
[FERN] This is not the time
to be embarrassed.
c0000192
Still, though.
c0000193
She's highly skilled
in every other area
c0000194
you can imagine.
c0000195
And I doubt
there are many mages
c0000196
who could exploit
that vulnerability.
c0000197
[FERN] In any case,
let's discuss our strategy.
c0000198
♪
c0000199
c0000200
♪
c0000201
[RICHTER]
Even if we can somehow
c0000202
handle Frieren's replica,
c0000203
-what about the rest?
-[FERN] Mistress Frieren.
c0000204
You seem to be
enjoying yourself.
c0000205
-Hm.
-I fear they will gather
c0000206
before we can do it in.
c0000207
[thudding]
c0000208
[growling]
c0000209
Let's go over it once more.
c0000210
Firstly, Eisen will draw
the enemy his way,
c0000211
and I'll attack from the flank.
c0000212
Hm.
c0000213
Then you come in
with supporting fire.
c0000214
And Heiter?
c0000215
[HIMMEL]
He gets the day off.
c0000216
He's hungover.
c0000217
[EISEN]
He's dead.
c0000218
-[growls]
-[thuds]
c0000219
[all gasp]
c0000220
[roaring]
c0000221
-[thumps]
-[grunts]
c0000222
[growling]
c0000223
♪
c0000224
[growling]
c0000225
-[slashing]
-[groans]
c0000226
[thuds]
c0000227
This meeting.
c0000228
It reminds me
of the many whispers
c0000229
my party exchanged in dungeons.
c0000230
♪
c0000231
Now...
c0000232
we'll let our plan
speak for itself.
c0000233
Do you think we can win?
c0000234
Don't you worry.
c0000235
There doesn't exist a dungeon
that can't be conquered.
c0000236
And as I'm the mage
of the party that cleared
c0000237
more dungeons than
any other in history,
c0000238
I'm an authority on the matter.
c0000239
Are you two sure
you don't need any help
c0000240
fighting Frieren's replica?
c0000241
We're all ready and more
than willing to join the fray.
c0000242
The fewer of us
there are inside,
c0000243
the easier it will be
to predict its movements.
c0000244
Hm.
c0000245
If we all entered
the battle at once,
c0000246
our victory would be
nearly guaranteed,
c0000247
but most of us would
die in the process.
c0000248
[FRIEREN] I doubt we would
even have the time
c0000249
to use our escape golems.
c0000250
You need us here.
c0000251
Without anyone
to slow down the replicas
c0000252
as they make
their way to the bottom,
c0000253
they would quickly
outnumber you.
c0000254
If they surround us,
c0000255
nobody will make it out
of this dungeon alive.
c0000256
Follow our plan closely.
c0000257
[DENKEN]
We will.
c0000258
Good luck in there.
c0000259
Open the door.
c0000260
[door rumbling]
c0000261
♪
c0000262
[door rumbling]
c0000263
[thuds]
c0000264
Now, then...
c0000265
who in this test
would each of you
c0000266
be the most concerned
to meet on a battlefield?
c0000267
♪
c0000268
c0000269
[FRIEREN]
Judradjim.
c0000270
[thunder rumbling]
c0000271
[thuds]
c0000272
[FERN] It's behaving just like
Mistress Frieren predicted.
c0000273
-[thunder rumbling]
-[crackling]
c0000274
♪
c0000275
[FRIEREN]
Vollzanbel.
c0000276
[fire roaring]
c0000277
[FRIEREN]
It's mana detection broke off.
c0000278
My double would be
on the lookout for Fern,
c0000279
who took that opportunity
to hide.
c0000280
But its hands
are full dealing with
c0000281
the equally matched
opponent before it.
c0000282
It can't afford
to think about Fern.
c0000283
After all...
c0000284
no one knows better than I do
how frightening I can be.
c0000285
♪
c0000286
[FRIEREN]
You'll be all right.
c0000287
Even I can't detect you easily.
c0000288
In the heat of battle,
my copy won't have a chance.
c0000289
Once I'm hidden and able
to land a solid attack,
c0000290
you're sure
it should be Zoltraak?
c0000291
It's the quickest spell,
therefore the best we've got.
c0000292
Hm.
c0000293
Besides that, for us elves,
c0000294
Zoltraak's only been
in the picture
c0000295
for a relatively short time.
c0000296
We haven't been around
the spell long enough
c0000297
to reflexively
defend against it.
c0000298
That's not to say it'll stop us
dead in our tracks.
c0000299
It takes only a moment
for us to respond.
c0000300
But the time we spend
thinking causes a delay.
c0000301
You're different, though.
c0000302
[gasps]
c0000303
[FRIEREN] Zoltraak has existed
since you were born.
c0000304
To you, it's something
that has always been,
c0000305
a fundamental part of mage-hood
engraved into your very being.
c0000306
♪
c0000307
I have no doubt that
your Zoltraak can kill me.
c0000308
Hit it with every last drop
of mana you've got.
c0000309
♪
c0000310
[explosions]
c0000311
♪
c0000312
[SERIE]
Frieren.
c0000313
I was under the impression
that you didn't like me.
c0000314
I'm surprised to see you
in this place.
c0000315
Honestly, I would've
wagered you
c0000316
and I would never meet again.
c0000317
The reason I'm here
is to deliver my master's will.
c0000318
Fifty years have passed.
c0000319
Of course.
c0000320
So, Flamme has died.
c0000321
You're not sad?
c0000322
I only trained
the girl on a whim.
c0000323
[paper rustling]
c0000324
It's practically a report.
c0000325
[FRIEREN]
What does it say?
c0000326
The Emperor has authorized
nationwide magical research
c0000327
at the advice of Flamme.
c0000328
Until very recently,
c0000329
human societies
have written magic off
c0000330
as the stuff of demons.
c0000331
Therefore, studying it openly
was strictly forbidden.
c0000332
Flamme encouraged him
to change that.
c0000333
Before her death,
she had been training
c0000334
a newly established unit
she calls the Imperial Mages.
c0000335
And it says right here
c0000336
that she wants me
to take it over for her.
c0000337
What a greedy woman she was.
c0000338
Receiving authorization
to study magic
c0000339
is an enormous feat,
c0000340
but still she wants more.
c0000341
[FRIEREN] Is what she did
really so impressive?
c0000342
She has filled the largest
empire with a hunger.
c0000343
They want to study magic,
c0000344
and even adopt the craft
for military use.
c0000345
The neighboring nations
are sure to respond.
c0000346
In a few short decades,
c0000347
magic will spread
throughout the continent.
c0000348
We stand
at the precipice of an era
c0000349
in which magic will be for all.
c0000350
Not long from now,
c0000351
humanity will acquire
the strength to fight back
c0000352
against the Demon King
and his forces.
c0000353
Oh, my.
c0000354
That is impressive. I see now.
c0000355
Impressive.
c0000356
[paper rustling]
c0000357
-[rustling]
-Indeed.
c0000358
However, that is not
the future I want.
c0000359
Begone, Frieren.
c0000360
I cannot comply
with this final request.
c0000361
I find it displeasing.
c0000362
Hm.
c0000363
An era in which
anyone can use magic?
c0000364
Magic should be
revered and respected.
c0000365
I refuse to teach anyone
who lacks talent.
c0000366
[SERIE]
How dare she send this to me?
c0000367
Flamme and I never could
understand each other.
c0000368
That's what I get.
c0000369
The one student
I trained on a whim.
c0000370
[FRIEREN]
She predicted this.
c0000371
My master warned me that
you would probably get upset
c0000372
and tear her will to pieces.
c0000373
But she wanted me
to deliver this regardless.
c0000374
She said her dream came true.
c0000375
It didn't make
much sense to me.
c0000376
Hm.
c0000377
Well, I'm going to leave now.
c0000378
I doubt we'll ever meet again.
c0000379
[SERIE]
Frieren.
c0000380
Before you go,
let's take a walk.
c0000381
Look at the two of us.
c0000382
We have all the time
in the world.
c0000383
[water drips]
c0000384
[SERIE] An era in which
anyone can use magic.
c0000385
She had quite the dream, huh?
c0000386
I doubt it was nobly dreamt.
c0000387
When she first
pondered the idea,
c0000388
she wasn't considering
security or self-defense.
c0000389
Or the Demon King
and his forces.
c0000390
Did she ever tell you
what her favorite spell was?
c0000391
One that created
a field of flowers.
c0000392
It was useless at best,
and foolish at worst.
c0000393
♪
c0000394
[SERIE] She loved magic
with the whole of her being.
c0000395
She genuinely wanted
everyone in the world
c0000396
to experience it,
c0000397
even in its
most frivolous forms.
c0000398
I found that repulsive.
c0000399
It sounded like
the fanciful dream of a child.
c0000400
But no.
It lasted all her years.
c0000401
I remember the first time
she described
c0000402
this lofty aspiration.
c0000403
She was a girl,
small in stature
c0000404
but great in spirits.
c0000405
To be honest,
c0000406
I didn't think she would live
to see such an era.
c0000407
I never would've guessed
she'd bring it on herself.
c0000408
When I looked at her,
c0000409
I saw a life so short
it was practically nothing.
c0000410
Yet in her time, she founded
humanity's magic.
c0000411
My master made decisions
more quickly than carefully,
c0000412
like she was always hurrying
along to the next thing.
c0000413
[SERIE]
Humans have limited life spans.
c0000414
They exist much closer
to death than we do.
c0000415
Throughout our lives,
c0000416
we are all faced with a series
of important decisions.
c0000417
But unlike you and I,
c0000418
humans cannot afford
to delay them.
c0000419
If we don't have an answer,
c0000420
we can take a century
or two to find one.
c0000421
We can ignore our decisions
for a millennium
c0000422
if we so choose.
c0000423
We hardly have life spans.
c0000424
They're more like eternities.
c0000425
Frieren.
c0000426
It took humanity
countless centuries
c0000427
and seas of sweat and blood
c0000428
to build the civilization
they have now.
c0000429
From this point forward,
c0000430
their progress
will only accelerate.
c0000431
[wind whooshing]
c0000432
[SERIE]
A mere 1,000 years.
c0000433
That is when the era
of humans will arrive.
c0000434
♪
c0000435
[SERIE]
They will surely overtake us.
c0000436
♪
c0000437
So don't neglect
your training, Frieren.
c0000438
[grunts]
c0000439
[thudding]
c0000440
♪
c0000441
For if anyone cuts
your long life short,
c0000442
it will be
the Demon King himself.
c0000443
[wind whooshing]
c0000444
Or it will be a human mage.
c0000445
♪
c0000446
That excites me, Serie.
c0000447
Everything we've known,
c0000448
the entire world
of magic and mages,
c0000449
is about to be born anew.
c0000450
♪
c0000451
c0000452
[explosion]
c0000453
♪
c0000454
[FRIEREN] Now, let's end this.
c0000455
[FERN]
Incredible, Mistress Frieren.
c0000456
[FRIEREN] We expected
this much. I suppose I have
c0000457
no choice.
c0000458
[FERN] So,
this is the height of magic.